In this tutorial, we'll add another mini effect. In spectator mode, let's make the final image black and white.
This is done using posprocessing - visual effects that are
applied to the final rendered frame. We launch our game.
Select the character in the object tree. In the component tree, select the camera component.
Find the posprocessing category in the details panel. In this category, there are a bunch of properties that affect
the final frame, for example, in the image effects category, you can change the vignette, that is, shading around the edges.
You can also adjust the gain, that is, the noise. A little noise appears on the image,
like from an old TV, and so on. Pocessing can be used for both visual effects and to
create the atmosphere of the frame through color correction. Find the property saturation, which is responsible for the
saturation of the frame, and set the last value to zero. This value is responsible for the brightness,
that is, in fact, we got a black and white picture. We were editing the real-time
camera settings , nothing was saved and we only need this effect when we are
in spectator mode. We are using the default observer class. Let's expand it.
Create a new blueprint. We inherit from SpectatorPawn. We call the blueprint BP_STUSpectatorPawn.
Let's install it right away in world settings.
Open asset.
And the first thing we need to do is add our own camera component. To do this, click
Add Component, enter - camera and we have created a camera component.
The only setting that needs to be set for this component is to set the checkbox
use pawn control rotation to true - so that the camera rotates depending on the movement of our mouse.
And we repeat the setting we just made. In posprocessing, set the
last component to zero in saturation . We launch. We run into the sphere.
We die and in spectator mode we have a black and white effect on the camera.
We will not rewrite this in C ++. This is a fairly cosmetic change that a blueprint is entitled to exist.